So this video is going to be extremely short.
It's just an introduction to your first real exercise.
I have created here in the browser a nice simple web page.
So it just contains some of the notes that I might have taken on the last few lessons about Internet
basics.
On each team how the different tags the boiler plate.
So what I'd like you to do is recreate this yourself so from scratch make a new file save it make sure
it ends NHT M-L and add the correct markup along with the correct boilerplate that we don't actually
see here.
So all the stuff behind the scenes the dark type the head the body so on.
Also make sure this matches appear everything should match.
I'll give you a short hint because you may not be sure exactly what size heading these are.
This is an age too.
That's not you know hugely important but that's needed to also go over some of these things here so
we've got you know bullet points.
We've got Bouldon here.
We've got bullet point placed inside of a bullet point at worst.
We've got a numeric list ordered list inside of a bullet point.
Another numeric list inside of one.
And we've got some italicised text and some bolded text here as well.
So go ahead take your time make new file start from scratch watch some of the previous videos if you
need to recreate this